This is the Think Sharply in C# 

These are some personal notes, not necessarily useful in your situation.
 
Setting up git for Windows:

Jan 2016

All I had to do was install Git and copy my rsa private key to the c:\Users\<user>\.ssh folder

How to get Python(I used 2.7, 32-bit) and Sphinx installed:
http://sphinx-doc.org/latest/install.html 
(Notice you need to add some path locations to the windows environment variable PATH)

Er..., now perhaps we need a Make utility if we want to play like Unix folk.  
I abandoned that after GnuWin32 make failed to find some DLLs it needed on Windows 10.

So instead, you can just run build.bat (in the bookSource folder) by double-clicking on it.
It needs one line of concrete code to do just the one option - the html - that the 88 lines
of abstracted make file accomplishes. 



HOW TO GET A COPY FOR PRINTING
------------------------------

December 2015

The format we preferred is a square content section on each page with wide left and right margins
for making notes.  Text is reduced in size a bit, but young people have great eyesight.
We ring-bound the book on the left edge with a colour cover page (maybe on colour paper), 
and perhaps a blank colour sheet or thicker card at the back. 
Then we added a transparent plastic sheet on front.  Typical semester handout was 165 pages
printed back-to-back, so maybe 85 sheets of paper.

I have doctored the default CSS margins in book sources to be narrower on the html page.
This makes it easier to get the printed version in about the sizes I want.
 
Get the web version ready.

Use Adobe Acrobat Pro to Create a PDF from a web page.
Settings: Click Capture Multiple Levels, get only 2 levels, 
stay on same path and the same server.

Sort out settings for Page Layout:
Unchecked the option to Scale Wide Contents to Fit Page.
Set up for landscaped page of 10x10 inches, with zero 
margins left/right and 0.125" top bottom.  

Now create the PDF file.

From the PDF file, use Adobe Acrobat Pro to remove pages of the file that we don't want 
(and the front cover page).  Last time it was pages 1-9, and a few
orphan pages that contained only the HTML footers, and the very last search page.

Remove existing headers and footers.

Use Acrobat Pro to add a new footer with page numbering.  Set the margins
very tight so that the "page 123" text tends to mostly avoid overwriting the
textbook text.  You will get a few mishaps which I have previously ignored.
I used Page <<1>> as the right footer text with
bottom = 0.3 and right = 0.4
Apply the page numbering. 

After numbering the pages, send them to the printer  
for greyscale / monochrome printing, back to back.   
Make this landscape A4, scale to fit, flip pages on short edge.

Suggestion: just print the pages you need for the semester.  In 2015 this 
meant "up to the end of Chapter 15 in first semester", and "rest of the book
for second semester".   I did include the appendices for printing in both 
semesters' print-run.

Now start again from the HTML version and copy/paste the front cover pages to
the word document Cover.docx page.  Manually add page numbers for each chapter, 
and apply whatever other prettiness you want on the front cover.

Print Cover Page in colour, rest of the book in monochrome.  





